Show Active Conversations Ctrl+Shift+A
Fixing Podcast Navigation and Playback

MCP servers

Me

ok one small change , when i see my own creator page with my account that i uploaded with it shos text "my podcast" and "my series" in arabic , but when i go to creator page with another accountit also shows "my podcasts and my series , which doesn't make sense, it should only shows that when it's my own podcasts , but for other users it should say series and podcasts in arabic , it makes sense now right ?

Revert
Thought Process










Of course, that makes perfect sense. It should only display "My Podcasts" and "My Series" when you are viewing your own creator page. I'll adjust the logic to correctly display the titles for other users.

First, I need to locate the creator page component. I'll start by searching for files related to the "creator" page. I'll search for files in the src/app directory that have "creator" in their path. This will help me pinpoint the exact file that needs modification. I will start by listing the contents of the creator directory.

Analyzed
c:\projects\startup\fromgit02062025\podup\src\app\(protected)\creator
Thought Process




Okay, it seems like [id].tsx is the file for the creator's page. I'll examine its contents to understand how the page is rendered and where the text needs to be changed.Okay, it seems like [id].tsx is the file for the creator's page. I'll examine its contents to understand how the page is rendered and where the text needs to be changed. I will now view the contents of the file [id].tsx.

Analyzed

[id].tsx
Thought Process










You're right, that's a great catch. I'll adjust the logic to display the correct titles based on who is viewing the page.

I've identified the file [id].tsx as the creator page. I will now modify it to conditionally render the titles. I'll add a check to see if the current user's ID matches the creator's ID. If they match, the titles will be "My Series" and "My Podcasts." Otherwise, they will be "Series" and "Podcasts." I will now modify the file.

Edited
[id].tsx
+188
-186
 1
Open diff
Thought Process










I have updated the creator page to display the correct titles. Now, when you view your own profile, it will say "My Series" and "My Podcasts" in Arabic. When viewing another user's profile, it will simply say "Series" and "Podcasts."

I've made the following changes to src/app/(protected)/creator/[id].tsx:

Added a boolean variable isOwnProfile that checks if the logged-in user is viewing their own profile.
Used this variable to conditionally render the titles for the series and podcasts sections.
This should resolve the issue you described. Let me know if there is anything else I can help with

Feedback submitted
Your recent terminal commands:
> git status
> git add .
> git commit -m " fixed text on creator id.tsx page"
> git push
Me

now we need to move to a more crucial part that was causing me problems , when i press on play button on dicoverybooklistitem on any page it  shoudl start playing automatically , we are using playerprovider.tsx to manage audio state , also check expo-audio documentation 

Revert
Thought Process




Of course. I'll investigate the audio playback issue. The goal is to make the audio play automatically when the play button on a DiscoveryBookListItem is pressed.

I'll start by examining the PlayerProvider.tsx file to understand how the audio state is managed. Then, I'll look at the DiscoveryBookListItem component to see how the play button is implemented.

First, let's locate the PlayerProvider.tsx file. I'll search for it in the src directory.

Close
2 days ago
